good morning everyone is marco squizzato nuisance in the kitchen or like
make creative dishes using canned products
the recipe we will make is a breath of green asparagus with exif poached eggs
of raw ham
now let's see the ingredients for a moment
we have potatoes cut into cubes
of canned asparagus tips
2 eggs
a little cream with an egg yolk
1 shallot
some butter
and the backs of cut asparagus
a bit of vegetable broth here are the slices of ham that we will have
dehydrate we begin
cod chop the shallot
you will not need to finely chop the ingredients
because then a small piece of butter will come to attention
Brown the shallot
afterwards we are the potato cut into cubes
if it will serve us from plants
as a final result for the cream
asparagus if you text
that it is very thin asparagus is a sign of
product tenderness
there is a minimal amount of fiber
so it's not that feeling of filemaker go kart
let's add some evidence for that
and let it boil for some
as already mentioned other times in the preparation of the recipe with
box products
we don't need to stay
if necessary, a little bit of pepper series 7 requires it
you want the direct boxes are already treated salted with tt so not
we have this need there is a corresponding high butt welding
to our daily needs therefore we are dealing with products they undergo
very careful checks
we prepare the poached egg
which will come photo for a couple of minutes 2 3 minutes with a little sour water there
duration of access stroke
and later we will set aside for the final proposition emilia
it is important and the remaining egg is during this cooking phase
we will try to make it form
a ball has passed regularly
I would say that at this point we are the egg is ready
it is important that it remains soft
the yolk
I prefer to leave it
eventually I don't feel like cooking
and we lay it down for the moment
in a cup where you would take it back
let's take it on raw ham
and we put it to dehydrate microsd
it took 15 seconds now to let them evaporate at room temperature
environment after which they will be ready for the Philadelphia composition
at this point the soup abolished for 2 3 minutes if rested a moment now by
we will insert in this brico hours we will blend it to compose the final cream
so a little at a time
beta seriamo in the container and let's whisk the cream
take
to underline with the ball the egg yolk
live score has a siena
and we're going to pour it
inside the cream
these two ingredients will give us a sense of softness of creaminess
I would say that at this point we have all the elements to compose for the
final composition of tears
then raw ham, poached egg and asparagus cream we put
the cream on the bottom of the plate
gently with a spoon
let's smile egg yolk
and we decorate
gallbladder ham
a light grind of thebes
pity chrome
clothes